 

ee

 

Founded in London in 1790, the distinguished HOUSE OF SANDEMAN has
become the world’s most important grower, producer and supplier of fine
PORTS and SHERRIES.

Whether you are sipping a chilled dry fino before dinner—enjoying a rare Oloroso

 

SALE
Bottle Case

Driest of the Finos—an elegant and refreshing drink to serve before
dinner, especially when chilled. (1441)

The Sandeman style combines dryness and superb flavor with a subtle
but delicious nuttiness. (1440)

Sandeman, in the past, was a primary source of Harvey’s Bristol Cream.
Now these good, aged Sherries are available in ample quantities from
Sandeman itself. (1439)

From the famed Carrascal district north of Jerez, this Oloroso is of the
highest quality — complex, lingering and mellow, but ultimately dry on
the palate. Serve chilled or on the rocks. (1447)

Late in the 19th century, the Sandeman firm began laying down a special system
of soleras—the barrels in which Sherry ages.
Each year a percentage of the wine from the company’s most favored
vineyards is added, thus yielding Sherries that average a ripe old age indeed.
We list below the unique wines from these soleras—each given an
extraordinary amount of barrel age—each hand-bottled in limited quantities only.

 

 

 

Intense, aromatic, complex. The ne plus ultra of Amontillado. (1446)

From a single Sandeman vineyard—silky, full-bodied—a regal treat. Look
for chocolatey richness and dramatic intensity. (1444)

Al

Exquisite combination of Oloroso and Fino qualities. Deep, luscious
flavors. Will dramatize the traditional holiday dinner. (1445)

| Al

Emperor of Olorosos. Layers of rich flavor, produced by decades of
aging in Sandeman’s soleras. If we could take a single Sherry to a desert
island, it would be this one. (1443)

 

with dessert—watching the crowd stroll by on the Rue Royale while you drink
a tiny glass of porto—or “passing the Port” at the end of a sumptuous feast—
the HOUSE OF SANDEMAN produces the ideal wine for almost every

occasion.

 

sth en oo
Keyl
G TE |
RARE PALOCORTADO |
ay |
ctl noel & bt hey

( andemnan He?
ae
SANDEMAN

   

 

Bright, fresh, and ruby-red. A youthful blend of wines that has become a
favored aperitif in the cafes of Paris.(1522)

Extra aging and special blending produce a golden-amber wine, slightly
drier than Ruby. Ideal with figs, nuts, cheeses. (1525)

A special blend, created in 1890, which gives the feeling of true vintage
Port. (1523)

This utterly remarkable Port represents a choice selection by Sandeman
of their best vineyards and the best vintages, yielding a wine that has
been aged many years. Every element is of true vintage character. We
urge you to experience the rare taste of Sandeman’s Founder’s Port. It
will amaze you. (1524)

Also available is the Founder's Reserve Port in the Magnum-size
bottle. Each Magnum comes in a hand-crafted wooden box at only
$26.95 the Magnum, $161.40 the case of six. (1609)

The distinguished venerable House of Sandeman has been kind to Sherry-
Lehmann and our clientele. They have generously sent us three Ports from
outstanding vintages. Choose among these stellar selections. These are the
perfect wines for Yuletide imbibing.

Vintage Port

(

1666 96 / )( 900.00

PAINT THE TOWN WITH MIRO

ey Seba d tars Star From Spain

be the new sparkling wine discovery from Spain — Miro Brut.
Spanish sparkling wine is playing a larger and larger role throughout
the holidays. And it’s no wonder. Spanish sparkling wine has come of age.

The first sparkling wine produced in Spain was over 100 years ago in what
is now the Penedes region. Thanks to modern technology, the wines of
Penedes have been revolutionized in the last 25 years and now rival the
world’s finest sparklers. Miro Brut is a methode champenoise, made
by Ramon Viader, President of Spain’s Oenologist Association, for the
75 year old firm of Coll de Juny.

You will be amazed by its delicacy and finesse. Fresh and lively with toasty
fruit, Miro Brut captures the holiday spirit. At $8.95, we’re sure you'll be
sending Miro Brut to all your wine and fun-loving friends.

$ 8 an $ i @) iE

@) ne of the most gay and exciting holiday gifts this year promises to

 

 

 

Johnnie Walker
BLACK LABEL.

She Aristocrat f Seolch Whis hy

 

ohnnie Walker Black Label has been a symbol of excellence for
generations. The original John Walker traces his origins back to the early
nineteenth century in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire where he was a licensed grocer.
Licensed grocers were quite common in those days for they provided a
method by which a lady could obtain a bottle of Scotch Whisky in the bottom
of her grocery basket without being seen coming out of a bar. From this business

John Walker expanded to become a wholesaler and supplier to ships from the major

port of Glasgow.

With the first sip of this noble whisky you will understand why it holds such a
leading position in the whisky market world. John Walker & Sons has received the
Queen’s Award to Industry for Export Achievement on six occasions. Johnnie
Walker is a label recognized in over 200 countries throughout the world.

This year, we are glad to report that Johnnie Walker Black is available in the
convenient holiday pre-pack gift box. Just peel off the label, and you have an instant
holiday gift box presentable as is to the gift recipient. (2542)

"24m. 294%.

Johnnie Walker Black is also available in liters at $32.50 the liter, $390.00 the case. (2541)

=: Soe-8

 
