The Handsome Champagne Collection from
eee Taittinger RLBLt

vided Champagne to many generations of

French aristocrats, royalty and politicians.
And it’s no wonder that this is one of France’s
most beloved Champagnes. The Taittinger wines
are gentle, soft and delicate—all made with the
same loving care and dedication to detail.

Pierre Taittinger’s philosophy in the mid-1930s
proved him to be a visionary well ahead of his
time. An accomplished and respected gastronome,
he foresaw the changing public preference in
cuisine away from complex preparations towards
lightness and naturalness. M. Taittinger recognized
that the time had come for an evolution in the
concept of Champagne making as well. Hence, the
elegant, modern style has become the ‘‘Taittinger
Touch” as we know it today.

Most well-known for their ‘‘Tete-de-cuvee”—
Comtes de Champagne—Taittinger produces a
full collection of some of the world’s finest
Champagnes. Choose among them—you’ll be

E stablished in 1734, Taittinger has long pro-

glad you did.

asper Newton Daniel, known as Jack to his‘friends, was born in 1846.

He began learning the distillery’s craft at the age of seven ina small stone

stillhouse near Lynchburg, Tennessee. By the age of 13, he had
purchased his own still and at the age of 20, he formally registered the Jack
Daniel Distillery with the U.S. Government, making it the oldest established
. distillery in the country.

Jack Daniel’s fame spread, and the small gentleman always attired in a
broadcloth frock coat, fawn-colored vest, bow tie and high-rolled planter’s
hat, became widely recognized throughout the south.

Jack Daniel soon became known throughout the world for his fine taste in
whiskey. But around Lynchburg, Jack was known as quite the ladies’ man.
Considered Lynchburg’s most eligible bachelor, Jack was constantly
tinkering with whiskey recipes to develop a drink that would be more
palatable for his lady friends. It’s from those original experiments that
Gentleman Jack was born.

Gentleman Jack owes its smooth, rich taste to its own unique formula
that is charcoal mellowed twice, once before the product is aged and once
again after it has been aged to perfection. Because the production method
evolves slowly through methodical handcrafting, Gentleman Jack is meant
to be savored in a brandy snifter, like a fine cognac. (2106)

SALE
Bottle Case

Taittinger Brut 25.50 306.00

La Francaise. Gourmets go far to seek out this well-
made, elegant Champagne. (64)

Taittinger Brut 36.95 443.40
Reserve 1985. Superb vintage glory. The excellence
of the Taittinger cellars achieves fine expression. (174)

Taittinger Comtes de 84.95 1,019.40
Champ Blanc de Blancs 1983

In the 18th-century ‘‘Comtes de Champagne” bottle.
Elegance, grace and finesse reach new heights here. (55)

Taittinger Comtes de 99.95 1,199.40
ce agne Rose 1985. What a glory! This is

perhaps the ultimate rose Champagne. Quantities
limited. (7)

f Xe
CHANDON
I

BLANC DE NOIRS ee

CHANDON

Blanc de Noirs

AMERICAN CHAMPAGNE
FLOURISHES AT

DOMAINE CHANDON

ji n 1973 the late Count Robert de Vogue travelled to the Napa Valley to

purchase 875 acres of prime vineyard land with the goal in mind to

recreate the excellence achieved in his famed Moet & Chandon
Champagnes. 18 years later, with an ultra modern winery and top-flight,
fashionable restaurant in Yountville, the dream has been fulfilled.

Robert Balzer explains: ‘Moet-Hennessy’s finest champagne master, Edmund
Maudiere of Epernay, commuted between France and California to assure the
excellence of the first American sparkling wine to carry the name of Chandon, a
name synonymous with Dom Perignon.”

Domaine Chandon continues to be on the leading edge of American
Sete R teaver Ooi laccel mur Vane tt TAO Crates
hottest wine stars, Domaine Chandon is the most recognized name for quality
and prestige in its category. If you never experienced the excellence of these
Sete A oom aCe eRe meats m et mri Mea tenes

Bottle Lr TyS

CHANDON NAPA VALLEY BRUT 12.49 149.88
A masterful blend of Chardonnay and Pinot Blanc to yield a bold, round
tich wine with refreshing acidity and fine balance. (44)

CHANDON BLANC DE NOIRS 12.49 149.88
Full, long and silky with classic dry fruit. Flavorful as well as beautiful. Made
from 100% Pinot Noir which has a particular fondness to the Napa Valley
climate. (48)

CHANDON RESERVE 16.95 203.40
A show stopper! The smoothness, most elegant and silky member of the
illustrious Chandon family. Only special cuvees are selected and aged four
years “en tirage” before being disgorged. The result is a sparkling wine of
great delicacy. (7065)

 

7>— THE SUPERB COGNACS FROM THE HINE FAMILY

in 1782. Thomas Hine, an immigrant from Dorset,

settled in Cognac and married into the Delmain
family. Hine’s Brandies quickly became well-known in
England for the quality of their Dock Cognac—so called
because under British law, rare Cognacs were shipped to
England in cask, where they were then lodged in ware-
houses at the London docks under Government supervision.
There they lay, untouched, until the day of bottling.

Today, Hine is under the careful supervision of Bernard
Hine. Well respected for his impeccable palate, Bernard
Hine blends Hine’s Cognacs to maintain the family’s tradi-
tion of elegance and delicacy. This holiday, why not let the
Hine Family join your family’s festivities.

I ine has been a family affair ever since its founding

BOTTLE CASE

HINE V.S.OP. 4l.50 498.00

A delicate and skilled blend of Petite and Grande
Champagne grapes — Cognacs two premier districts. (277/)

ANTIQUE FINE CHAMPAGNE 82.50 990.00

COGNAC The subtle blend of delicacy and finesse reveals a
complex bouquet of vanilla and honey. On the palate
Antique is mellow and supple, releasing a wealth of
sustained flavor. (2770)

HINE TRIOMPHE 159.95 1,919.40
One of Cognacs most elegant blends. Nuances of wild
flowers and tobacco mingle with a round, distinctive
warmth on the palate. (2772)

FAMILY RESERVE GRANDE 250.00

CHAMPAGNE COGNAC This yenerable Grande
Champagne Cognac is from the Hine family’s private
reserves hence, a portrait of each family member, dating
back to Thomas Hine himself, appears on the label. Don’t
miss this opportunity to enjoy one of Cognacs most unique
treasures. (2773)

 

 
