 

-SOle

ay
oS
Uo
—J
a2
oS
a
xQ

 

Italy Achieves a World Class Sparkling Wine!

renaissance is taking place in Italy today. Only two decades ago the red wines of
Italy were considered to be gulping wines — and now Italy produces some of the
greatest red wines of the world.

Similarly, Italian sparkling wines were considered dull, sweetish and uninspired. Now,
at last, Italy is producing a sparkling wine that can hold its head high in the
company of those produced in France and California.

One of the best — the driest and most elegant — bears the name CUVEE
IMPERIALE BERLUCCHI BRUT. No compromise is made in the choice of grapes
used to achieve this wine’s excellence. It is a happy blend of Chardonnay from Trentino,
for acidity; Pinot Noir from Oltrepo Pavese, for structure; and Cortese di Gavi from
Piedmonte, for elegance. Dry, fragrant, well-balanced. In short, a sparkling wine that
makes us proud to offer this holiday season. (97)

x - 7
FS

Iw Bottle o Case

 

 

Italy’s Superb Still White Wine Intriguingly
Reminiscent of Champagne Nature

\ hose who want a crisp, dry white wine from France would generally turn to a
Chablis or Champagne Nature. With BIANCO IMPERIALE

& BERLUCCHI, you will find their Italian counterpart. Here is distinctive
austerity, crisp dryness and elegance.

Until recently the demand for Bianco Imperiale Berlucchi in Italy was so great that
none remained for export to America. Now, this truly noble and intriguing dry white wine
is available to American wine lovers. This still white is presently featured in such
illustrious New York City restaurants as Palio,, The Four Seasons and Le Cirque. If you’re
looking for something different in a dry white this holiday season, stop right here. Bianco
Imperiale Berlucchi is the answer.

mt | 4 HK / 1Q

Py < yy oS

/ Bottle J Case

The World’s Greatest
CORKSCREWS!

The Two Best Corkscrews Selected by
The Wine Spectator

  

THE LEVER-MODEL SCREWPULL
Rated 97 by The Wine Spectator

“This one’s great for opening a case or more of wine in a few
minutes. Only for those really serious about wine. Based on
the Screw-Pull technology, you use the two handles to clamp
the neck of the bottle and then pull the lever down, which
inserts the screw into the cork. With one pull, it removes the
cork; then you clamp the cork and pull back on the lever, and

it ejects the cork.”
ony §QQ?°

9997)

THE ORIGINAL SCREWPULL

ON STAND

Rated 92 by The Wine Specraror
"It’s almost foolproof, so any klutz can use it.
By placing the two guiding prongs on the top
of the bottle, simply twist the screw into the
cork and with a few turns it removes the cork
in one swift motion that requires no pulling.
Elegant and easy to use.”

5] Oo.

 

 

 

¢ Two Wine Storage Suggestions e
If you do not have proper storage facilities, Sherry-
Lehmann can arrange to have your wines stored in the

temperature controlled wine cellars of Wine Caves Inc.

(Semi-annual billing at $6.75 per case with a minimum

semi-annual charge of $13.50). Call for details

 

   

 

Bers

Custom Wine Cellars by Christine Hawley
For those who have unlimited space we suggest you
contact Christine Hawley Designs. Ms. Hawley, noted

interior designer, specializes in custom designed wine

cellars. Pictured above is Ms. Hawley in a wine cellar

she designed in Aspen. For further information call (212)

956-3626.

 

CROZES HERMITAGE 1988
Willi’s Wine Bar

atricia Wells calls

Willis Wine Bar
“the most refined and
chic wine bar in
Paris.” Willi’s has long
been the local mecca for
wine-lovers as a gather-
ing place to sample the
most up-to-date cuvees
as well as the favored
old standbys. Rhone enthusiasts have particularly taken joy in
the incomparable selection they offer. Choosing two of the
best, Willis has combined two masters in one by creating a
cuvee in honor of their |0th Anniversary. A rich, wonder-
ful 1988 Crozes Hermitage is adorned with the art of

Wayne Ensrud. (783)
a
Case

 

: | O a

 

 

750m.
PRODUCE OF WESTERN AUSTRALIA

 

x * * One of Australia’s Brightest Wine Stars * * *
LEEUWIN CABERNET SAUVIGNON 1979

P rime vineyard land along western Australia’s Margaret River is |
the home of Leeuwin Estate. Its deep soil and adequate rainfall

make this a particularly well suited area for producing world-class
Cabernet Sauvignons. This prestigious, artist-series bottling features
the art of Barney Wakuri Tajakamarra, an aborigine artist. The red
footprints represent his father’s journey through the sand and rock
hills of western Australia. The wine is well structured with a fine
harmony of fruit and acidity. (45)

Cabernetaurignon $ 10
1 : f

= 41. |
Bottle a Case

 

AER |

 

AS SEEN IN

Pop Bubbly

For the last 30 years Roy Lichtenstein has been gently
mocking American culture through his inter-
pretations of commercial art. Now he’s removing the
screen of irony. On June 10, France’s Champagne
Taittinger uncorked the first Taittinger Brut 1985
champagne in a bottle and box designed by none
other than one of the leaders of the pop art
movement. aS

Lichtenstein is the
fifth artist to decorate
a Taittinger vintage
since the tradition
began in 1983. The
company is limiting
the production run
to 4,000 and will
destroy the mold
when it’s done.
Taittinger won’t
reveal the commis-
sion going to Lichten-
cole oltimne tat ig
will get several dozen

of the $150 bottles.

Taittinger will
Cec

4,000 cases of
"85 Brut with the

 
