 

‘THREE TREASURES FROM CAHORS

  
 
 
 

       

  
   

RSL
oe
SPN
oO >
AK 101 1901 J
Mi e9

745

  
     

     

or From
CES Stephen Schechter
of Wertheim

Stephen Schechter is a managing director of
Wertheim Schroder & Co. in New York and
a well known shrewdly successful Wall Street
investment banker. During the 1970s, he shared
an office with Roger Yaseen, who for many
years was the local doyen of the Chaine des
Rotisseurs. It was during this time that the two
men became friends and Mr. Schechter dis-
Sat ee en. covered the second great love of his life—wine.
See SU EECHIDETAMMES His growing passion eventually led him and his
Te wife Sherry to purchase Chateau Pech de
Jammes, located in the Cahors region of France.
Under the Schechter’s direction the wines have flourished and received recognition
from noted wine writers and critics alike. Frank Prial of The New York Times wrote a
front-page article on Chateau Pech de Jammes. When you taste Chateau Pech de
Jammes 1987 you will know why it received such wonderful praise. (7100)

CAHORS

APPELLATION CAHORS CONTROLEE

 

MIS EN BOUTEILLE A LA PROPRIETE

 

INSPIRED By CARTIER, WALL STREET, AND ROYALTY

as 198 3 eee

CHATEAU
LAGREZETTE

i
AS /

From Alain Perrin
of Cartier

The legendary “black wine’? of Cahors
has become something of a renaissance in
the world of wine. Alain Dominique
Perrin is one of the individuals respon-
sible for helping restore Cahors reputation
as one of France’s most prestigious wines.
Monsieur Perrin, the dynamic CEO Seopa Seo
of the famed Cartier, purchasedaclas- | *??&''AT1oN CANoRS contRocer
sified historic landmark, Chateau Lagre-
zette in 1980. The Perrins restored Chateau
Lagrezette to its former elegance and have ! : ‘
! des ea Sea sn

replanted over 30 hectares of vineyards. #} 1% aa ae wme

Alain Perrin has done much more than
just restore his own beloved Chateau Lagrezette. He is also responsible for
creating the association of Les Seigneurs du Cahors. ‘Cahors is one of the last
existing real wines in France’? comments Perrin. The association is
responsible for the renewed world-wide interest in the wines of Cahors.

Chateau Lagrezette 1988 has a complex, perfumed bouquet reminscent
of red cherries, currants and floral fragrances of peonies. (436)

S.C.A DOMAINE DE LAGREZETTE
AD. PERRIN A CAILLAC [LOT] FRANCE
PRODUCE Of FRANCE

 

    

 

Chateau Pech de Jammes 1987
$Q95

Bottle Case

Ae ee Se Se ee
From His Majesty the Prince Consort of Denmark

The beautiful Chateau de Caix is no
stranger to historic inhabitants. Located
on the hills of the right bank of the Lot
river, Chateau de Caix traces its heritage
back to the 14th century. It has be-
longed to such distinguished families as
the Del Coderc, the Courtois and then
the Lefranc de Pompignan. The
Marques, Jean-Jaques Lefranc de
Pompignan was a poet and member of
the French Academy who was well
known for his dislike of Voltaire. It was
the Marques de Pompignan who had an
open mind to new agricultural practices
and modernized the Chateau to 19th
century standards.

Today, Chateau de Cax belongs to
His Majesty the Prince Consort of
Denmark who has energetically replanted the ancient vineyards. The vines,
spread over the rolling hillside, sheltered from the north winds, thrive in
intense sunshine. This 1988 is deep red in color. Well-structured, with
smooth tannins, the wine has a prolonged flavor of cinnamon and spice.
Chateau de Caix 1988 is a regal wine experience.

gy Sei

4 ak
are

 

Chin
eee A VOM.

eee

G Se PPE we
CAHORS

 

Chateau de Caix 1988
$ LO2. $1252
o.

= er if xy 2 —.—P ~ 2
wf ore zy < La €< Se was =

ne

Chateau Lagrezette 1988

"Ole * 125"

 

 

CALIFORNIA WINE NUGGETS
* BALD EAGLE *

Buy Bald Eagle and Save an Eagle

The Bald Eagle selections will provide the ideal
solution for those who want California red and
white wines of high caliber but at modest cost.
They were chosen after much searching and compar-
ative tasting, and they are proud products from some
of the best vineyard soil of northern California.

The Bald Eagle wines below are all fine examples
of the varietal characteristics of three of the most
popular grape varieties of the world. The Sauvignon
Blanc derives its name from ‘'Sauvage”—or wild, La
which is reflected in its grassy flavor. The Chardonnay HEALDSE
is buttery and full of fruit. And the Cabernet
Sauvignon particularly likes the cool climate of
northern California where it yields the rich, berry-
fruit flavors.

CABERNET SAUVIGNON
SONOMA COUNTY
*

  

 

BALD EAGLE WINES Bottle Case
SAUVIGNON BLANC 1989 495 59:40
Fresh and bright and imbued with the distinctive varietal personality of the grape. (631)
CHARDONNAY 1990 6.99 83.88
Considered by many to be Sonoma’s best dry white wine value. (549)
CABERNET SAUVIGNON 1988 DOS eos A0.

“Everything one could wish for in a Cabernet for current drinking: it is at once smooth
and flavorful. . . just right for partnership with food.””—Robert Finigan (595)

SAVE AN EAGLE SAMPLER = {0595
TWELVE BOTTLES—Consists of four of each of the three Bald Eagle wines
listed. A passport to Northern California’s finest grape varieties. (6625)

 

 

For each case or bottle of Bald Eagle sold a contribution will be made to
The Audubon Society of New York State to continue their
efforts to protect and safeguard the Bald Eagle.

 

 

 

 

ae

 

 

  
   

masters who determine quality standards at Remy Martin.

NAPOLEON

SS SSCS

SALE
BOTTLE CASE

REMY MARTIN VS.O.P. 43.95 527.40
Remy Martin’s very popular V.S.O.P. Cognac adds its own special touch to your
holiday entertaining and gift-giving. V.S.O.P, which stands for “Very Superior Old
Pale,” was a name applied to the best cognacs by the British. (2805)

REMY MARTIN NAPOLEON S95 695.40
In its distinctly handsome bottle, emblazoned with the Centaure crest, Remy
Martin Napoleon is produced from the finest grapes and slowly aged to allow a
natural progression of greatness. The result yields a subtle harmony of strength and
balance. For those on your gift list who wish to experience the nuances of a
premium Cognac, we can’t think of a better choice than Remy Martin Napoleon. (2807)

REMY MARTIN X.O. 12495 1,499.40
Remy Martin X.O. is aged longer than their V.S.O.P. or Napoleon Cognacs. These
added years of aging in small oak barrels impart a delicate, smooth bouquet and
provide length on the palate and a velvety, lingering finish. It is the perfect
conclusion to any holiday meal. (2808)

ROYAL FAMILY oF

or over 250 years, the name of the family-owned firm of Remy Martin has
been a synonym for Cognac at its best. Like a classic painting, Cognac
- combines elegance, subtlety and charm with underlying strength and character.
It achieves its happiest harmony of art and science in the hands of the Cognac

 
 

It is because of its heritage that Rem
symbol of prestige, excellence and spirited
holiday season with the Royal family of Remy

    
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   

Uw

ed Sau ot

SAE
BOTTLE CASE

REMY MARTIN EXTRA PERFECTION 275.00 3,300.00
The newest family member in the Remy Martin galaxy. Remy Martin Extra
achieves perfection in Cognac. Only the choicest grapes are aged exclusively in
small Teircon barrels. Presented in a crystal decanter designed exclusively for
Remy Martin reflecting the notorious arches inspired by the Edict of Reims. (2811)

REMY MARTIN LOUIS XIII 999.95

For Cognac afficionados, Remy Martin’s Louis XIII is the crowning jewel of all
Cognacs. Named for the French king who was the son of Henri IV and the father
of the Sun King Louis XIV, Louis XIII traces its origins to the best grapes of the
Grande Champagne region. A swirl, a sniff and a sip will immediately reveal a
remarkable bouquet and subtle harmony—followed by a long, lingering deli-
ciousness on the palate.

Remy Martin was so proud of their exclusive product that, over 80 years ago,
they commissioned Baccarat to design a hand-blown crystal decanter for its
bottling. The design is reminiscent of the fin-de-siecle era in Paris. (2810)

  

 

  
 
 
  
     
   
    
