Sherry-Lehmann, My Wine Store of the World

_£-¢ by Paul Bocuse _4+¢—

erfect for the holiday season, the ideal gift

for a good friend: a beautiful bottle of wine
with this great new book on Bordeaux, The
Winemaker’s Year. A book that will mark an
epoch, un livre qui fera date!

Bordeaux and Lyon are the centers of greatly
privileged regions of France. Just as my own region
around Lyon is considered the nation’s larder,
so the Bordeaux country is the home of great
chateaux with vineyards and cellars respected the
world over.

As a young chef, I was an apprentice in the
kitchen of Fernand Point’s restaurant just south
of Lyon. A big man, he was proud of his cellar, and
his list of Bordeaux wines was one of the finest in
the region. With my colleague the late Jean
Troisgros, we learned early from M. Point the
importance of visiting the market every day to
select the produce, and staying in contact with the
producers. We also learned that it is equally
important for the chef and restaurateur to make
frequent visits to the vineyard. Bordeaux was one
of our favorite pilgrimages.

henever I’m in New York, I like to

visit my friends at Sherry-Lehmann,
to walk through their store looking at the wines
laid out like a map of the world. For me,
it’s like a walk through the vineyards. Sherry-
Lehmann is my wine store of the world. We
don’t have a wine store in my village of Collanges;
we have vines.

As I see the Sherry-Lehmann sales staff guiding

customers carefully to a wine, it reminds me of a good restaurateur or his

hhba al

Paul Bocuse at his restaurant just outside Lyon, at
Collanges-au-Mont-d’Or, with Michael Buller, author
of The Winemaker’s Year.

sommelier proposing a wine. I like discovering a wine, a wine for the season, Bonnetera

a wine for some friends at this time of year.

This brilliant book of seasons, The Wine-
matker’s Year, is by my old friend Michael Buller
and I am particularly proud to have been asked to
write the preface. Along with the evocative photo-
graphy of Michel Guillard, here is the story of a
great region told for the first time in the words of
the winemakers themselves. The winemakers who
today have come up from the cellars and are
recognized, just as we chefs have come out of the
kitchen and are now proprietors of our own
restaurants.

O ur friends, the winemakers, come to dine in
our restaurants, or we meet them on over-
seas journeys — often at tastings and “wine
summits” assembled by Michael Buller. I recall,
some years back when Michael flew the Aaron
family to France where they celebrated the fiftieth
anniversary of Sherry-Lehmann, hosted by wine-
makers and chefs — from Chateau Margaux to
Burgundy, from Beaujolais to Champagne. What a
great Fete it was!

Michael Buller has been our ambassador and one
of the first to understand the relationship and
alliance between the winemaker and chef. And he
does it above all with his heart. He belongs to the
family of winemakers and chefs — he eats at our
table, accompanies us to the market, tastes with us,
travels with us, listens and records our stories.
This festive season, open that beautiful bottle at
a table with friends, un table d’amis. Turn the pages
of The Winemaker’s Year in a marvelous walk
with Michael through the chateaux, cellars and

vineyards. And share his winemaker’s tales.

The Winemaker’s Year by Michael Buller is published by

ac . Thames & Hudson, New York and London — 160 pages,
F W E IL- Dese RveEd Re p UTATION photos by Michel Guillard, preface by Paul Bocuse,

Michael Buller is Bordeaux correspondent of The
Wine & Food Companion, Michael Guillard is
publisher of the magazine L’Amateur de Bordeaux. The
Winemaker’s Year has been chosen b o bookstores of
the Booksellers Association of Great Britain as ‘‘one of
the best two hundred gift books of the year.’’ Michael Buller’s
Bordeaux wineshow, The Winemaker’s Story had its
European premiere at the 1991 Edinburgh International
Festival of Music & Drama in August.

“With perhaps the largest selection of
classified growth Bordeaux in the country
and a great depth of wine selections,
whether they originate from Alsace,
California, Germany, Italy or Spain,
Sherry-Lehmann has earned a well
deserved reputation for being a wine
merchant par excellence.”

— MARKET WATCH

    

Absolut Vodka is absolutely clear and eam ran years Absolut has-been served during
cme eee Ue Us Miceli ee gt A CB ley CECA ALERT aa Reg
ip A Te Mame a bringing absolute joy to all. ———_—_—___—- ON SALE

3 95° 3 40 3 50 $ 00 | All Bhepegehs from ae Wiehe Year’’
by Michel Guillard except where noted.
Bottle Case (1901) , TR Case (1900)

 

e THE WINEMAKER’S YEAR e
e $34.95 e ON SALE

See Order Form (pg 86) For Shipping & Handling

 
