 

Our Best-Selling Red and White |
“Ase
ONLY Bottle

SHERRY-LEHMANN’S

CHARLES SHAW
CHARDONNAY 1988:

EXPERIENCE THE DELICIOUS DRYNESS OF

DRY SACK

FOR THE HOLIDAYS

POIRELLE LIQUEUR

 

 

Guree
Marie .fntoinelle

P oirelle Liqueur Cuvee Marie

__BRORTORNE_
| “
|

 

Antoineette comes in one of the

most unique and exquisite of all
bottles. The hand-blown crystal de-
canter is created in France by specialized
artisans who skillfully blow a glass pear
into the bottle. This unusual bottle
captures the spirit of Poirelle with its
graceful lines. The liqueur is a marvelous
blend of Poire Williams essence and
aged X.O. Cognac to yield one of the
most delicious of all cordials. Poirelle
Liqueur Cuvee Marie Antioinette
comes with a heavy cast stopper which
permits the beauty of the crystal to last
long after the last drop of Poirelle is
gone. (3654)

or over 100 years, Williams
F & Humbert has produced fine
Spanish Sherry. They are
best known for their Dry Sack, the
Sherry which, as the name suggests,
comes in its own sack. The origins of
the word “sack” are numerous. One
theory is that “sack” was an old
English name for Sherry. ‘Dry Sack’’
is, therefore, a dryer version of the
traditional rich, sweet Sherry. An-
other derivation of the word comes
from the Spanish verb “sacar’’ (to
draw out) — thus referring to the
drawing out of the Sherry from bar-
rel. And yet another idea comes from
the fact that the bottles were once
covered by a sack during shipping.
No matter how it came to be,
Sherry-lovers rejoice! Dry Sack is a
delicious blend of nutty and fruity
flavors in the most elegant fashion.
Perhaps this is why it is the most
recognized name in America for fine
Spanish Sherry. (1450)

and international banking seems an

unlikely route to winemaking. A native
of Michigan and graduate of West Point
Academy, Charles Shaw entered Stanford
University School of Business following
service in the military. The University’s
proximity to a number of prominent Napa
Valley wineries sparked his interest in wine.
Later, while working in Paris, Charles Shaw
and his wife Lucy toured the wine regions of
France. In the mid-1970s, the Shaws left
Paris for the Napa Valley and purchased the
original 35-acre vineyard which was once a
thoroughbred stable and racetrack.

Charles Shaw took his first 1978 harvest
to Sterling vineyards for crushing. It was
here that he met one of California’s most prestigious winemakers, Ric Forman. The ongoing
relationship continued with Ric Forman in an advisory capacity. Together, they developed a rich,
Burgundian-styled Chardonnay on the Domaine Elucia Estate—named for the Shaws’ children.

The efforts of Charles Shaw and Ric Forman are well reflected in this 1988 Estate
Chardonnay. Here is an opportunity to drink a smooth, velvety, classically structured
Chardonnay that is amongt Napa’s elite. At the unbelievably low sale price of $9.95, it promises
to be California’s best wine bargain of the season! (7236)

ee

C harles Shaw’s background in business

CHARLES SHAW

CHARDONNAY

 

z
2

CLER’ BLANC

SHU dry Reneh. Poducefiance

White table Wine 450 wd
Rboue de Bbrucs

Cher Blame

Alcohol 17.5% by vel

Vr e@eved ot rms ex bouteilles foo
Sauunion Fils -de Clay. Valle(LM)
Tmpouied by GLOBAL LMPORT C* Yonkers, N.Y.
Epecially wmpated fr—
SHERRY-LEHMANN, Inc, New-YeRK, N.Y.

From the Loire Valley

Cler’ Blanc is the proud discovery of Jean Sauvion, affectionately
knownas the ‘Wine Wizard of the Loire.” This silvery pale, bone-dry
white wine is similar to a top-flight Muscadet in flavor and style.

We quote Barbara Ensrud: “SAUVION CLER’ BLANC, an
exclusive at Sherry Lehmann.—Created by Jean Sauvion, one of the
leading Muscadet producers, Cler’ Blanc is non-vintage but so fresh you
know it is young. It’s dry but very fruity, quite light, with a slight tingle
on the palate. Sauvion manages to capture this clean, lilting freshness

 

year after year—lI guess that’s why he’s known as ‘the wine wizard of
the Loire.” (484)

 

 

‘G49 BQ?5 | - ONSALE 5119” me

ae “T18e. Ose 54378.

CHARLES HEIDSIEGK Single Cask Grande Fine
DINU) |] INE SERV Unblended Cognac

[cdl Of Friant
ec harles Camille Heidsieck— Sn tA ty y fe i
the “Champagne Charlie”’ ae Me ce
of legend and song—was Grand
the most handsome, dashing and Sandy Fine Champagne
Uablnded Cognat

romantic figure in the 19th-century

 

 

 

 

Ideal Companions to
Holiday Entertaining

39 YOUR CHOICE
$4. Bottle ONLY :

 

AN ALSACIAN WILD BLACKBERRY APERITIF

WILLM ROYAL

n Paris, one of the most popular
i drinks in cafes, is to mix Champagne
and cassis to create a “Kir Royal.”
Roger Bahl, Proprietor of Alsace
Willm, recently created a very special
aperitif for us. M. Bahl poured one
tablespoon of Willm Creme du

 

58 x

SHERRY-LEHMANN

MAISON ROUGE

      

wine world. His charms were irre- Mure into a Champagne flute and

sistible to ladies. His Champagne topped the glass off with Willm’s Ge es , , ae fot 5 aa
was the toast of the beau monde of Cremant d’Alsace Brut to create a She: PLU I

Paris, London and St. Petersburg. Willm Royal! Sug iat i fgctg. Que. Now

   

He even ventured to North America
in the late 1850s, where he shot
buffalo and bear, was accidentally
arrested during the Civil War and
made certain that Champagne corks
(and not just guns) kept popping
all over the New World!

In 1851 Charles Camille Heid-

f tite BA. Regud Fate
Kubloville x Pouce Fin Elouppaput Clarcut Fiance
750ml Me 43% vol. i

i ONG
CHATEAU pte tiles
IMPORTED BY )& ESTATE New york.Ny.

WINES COMPANY.

Willm Creme de Mure is made
from wild blackberries that grow on
the slopes of the Vosges Mountains of
Alsace and yield an intensely pure fruit
flavor. Willm’s Cremant d’ Alsace
Brut isa 100% Pinot Blanc sparkling
wine made by the Champagne method

       

 
 

npertnd oychisariels fry Hoary. Uliana WiaYak, SY

 

 

 

sieck and his brother-in-law, Ernest
Henriot, founded the Charles Heid-
sieck Company. Charles Heid-
sieck Brut Reserve comes from
this exciting heritage. Serena Sut-
cliffe, in her recently released book

which produces a lush, full flavored
sparkler. This holiday season, discover
the delectable Willm Royal for your-
self! You'll be glad you did.

WILLM ROYAL

Here is a splendid Grande Fine
Champagne Cognac—as remarkable
for its history as for its quality. Single
Cask comes directly to Sherry-
Lehmann from the farm of Marcel

cellars and distilled into Cognac in his
own pot still and then put to age in the
finest oak casks obtainable.

As a result, Single Cask
Unblended Fine Champagne is

by OS Dear Co, Choppagua, Nes

 

From the Rhone Valley

on Champagne comments: ‘For $ 95 Ragnaud in the heart of Cognac Cognac at its best. Impeccably Here’s a red wine that has no pretentions —you will find it light, fragrant
some time, Charles Heidsieck has country. Its grapes were grown on authoritative, rich and mellow, Single and utterly delicious, particularly if served slightly chilled. We acknow-
been almost a Cinderella among cham- Complete Monsieur Ragnaud’s own hillside Cask competes in quality and excel- ledge our indebtedness to Georges Duboeuf, who led us to the

pagnes, never quite recognized for
what it was in spite of possessing some
very alluring qualities.’’ You will
find it to be fresh, fruity—with an
elegant bouquet and of delicate,
lively character. (6)

"20 re
32 ate

. 60). -

 

One bottle of Willm Creme de Mure and two
bottles of Willm Cremant d’Alsace Brut

Willm Creme de Mure is available at $12.49 the half-bottle; $149.88 the case of 24. (3612)
Willm Cremant d’Alsace Brut can also be purchased individually at $9.95 the bottle;
$119.40 the case. (4047)

 

vineyards in an outstanding vintage
year. They were pressed in his own

$3 Gra

lence with any Grande Marque
Cognac. (2815)

Aa

 

nae

Avignon area where this wine was discovered.

It’s no wonder this is the wine that’s been winning the applause of
Sherry-Lehmann clients for nearly a generation. Soft and easy, this is the
red wine that pleases the broadest spectrum of party guests—from the
‘wine expert’ to those who simply desire a satisfying quaff. (1083)

 

 

-t6lla-:

 
