 

r ee :

CODORNIU
NAPA

VAEEEY BRUT:

TUSCAN DELIGHTS FROM

MARCHESE PIERO ANTINORI

W e quote Hugh Johnson’s Modern Encyclopedia of Wine: ''The Marchese Piero

SEND A GIFT OF

DISTILLED ENGLISH GIN
Jeo a

cocktail hour in such
standbys as the Gin & Tonic
and dry Martini. For generations
the world has enjoyed the Per-
fection of Tanqueray Gin. We
owe thanks to Charles Tan-
queray for developing the pre-
cise formula cultivating just the
right balance of grain, botanicals
and aromatics.

This holiday season say
thanks to yourself and your
friends by sending the Perfect
English Gin—Tanqueray of
course. Presented in its world-
famous green box, Tanqueray
Gin will please all your cocktail
loving friends. (2061)

: ‘lox <
> ; Bottle ) Sag
. = a $ 40 ORVIETO

at ROC Toa hie Case { LASSICO 1

SECCO.

Antinori may well be to 21st century Chianti what the Barone Ricasoli was to the
Chianti of the 19th and 20th—the man who wrote the recipe.”

The Antinoris have been a family well known for their tradition and innovation for over
600 years. If one could sum up Antinori’s philosophy of wine production in one sentence it
would echo what Marchese Piero Antinori says: ‘‘The age-old roots play an important role in
our philosophy, but they have not served to inhibit our innovative spirit.”

 

A NEw INNOVATION IN
CALIFORNIA SPARKLING WINE

producing fine wines. More than 100 years ago, they created Spain’s first

methode champenoise sparkling wine. Out of this heritage came a pioneering
spirit to locate the ideal growing area in the United States to produce a sparkling
wine that would compete on a world-class level. After an exhaustive five year
search of all regions of the United States, Codorniu selected the Carneros district
of Napa Valley.

The Carneros district, located 40 miles northeast of San Francisco, benefits from
the maritime influences of San Francisco Bay and the Pacific Ocean. Cool breezes,
a mild climate and loamy soil provide the ideal growing conditions for classic
Pinot Noir and Chardonnay.

he famed Codorniu family of Barcelona enjoys a 440 year history of

 

Codorniu Napa Valley Brut is a skillful blend of these two world-class grape
varieties. The Chardonnay gives the wine its aromatic character and structure
while the Pinot Noir contributes flavor and body. Together, they marry to create
an elegant sparkling wine deep in flavor, with hints of raspberry, white chocolate
and fresh hazelnuts. Codorniu Napa Valley Brut joyfully arrives in time to add
distinction to your holiday entertainment. (841)

 

 

Also available in the liter-size ae TINO : $ SS) $] ZL G20
bottle at $21.95 the liter, $263.40 NUSINORE > VILLA ANTINORE Bottle Case
the case (2060) : ot Chianti. Classica

 

 

Juve y Camps a
o%ee8® = Spain's Most Sought-Out Cava SBSe8e, 3

Juve y Camps is a family the moment of harvesting. At
firm rs in 1921 whose the Juve y Camps bodega,
total dedication to excellence the grapes arrive in less than

 

 

 

SALE
THE GLORIOUS Antinori Red Wine Bottle Case
STILL WINE CHIANTI CLASSICO 1987 8.95 107.40

 

 

FROM
MOET & CHANDON

Y aran Nature is the glory
eJ of Moet & Chandon—

produced in small quantities
from the Chardonnay grape in
one of the very best vineyards
of the Champagne district. It is
highly rationed in France and
the U.S. (only a few hundred
cases are shipped annually to
America). You will discover
crisp dryness, a graceful
elegance, and superb bou-
quet. It is one of the most
remarkable dry white wines you

Taste this superb and charming red and you'll see why Robert Parker says: ‘A tasting of
Antinori’s red wines is an education in quality.” (611)
CHIANTI CLASSICO RISERVA “PEPPOLI” 1987 20.95 251.40
“A lush, velvety wine that shows how far Chianti has come in recent years.” —Frank Prial (331)
CHIANTI CLASSICO RISERVA “TENUTE 20.95 251.40
MARCHESE” 1986 This wine is the ultimate expression of Reserva from Antinori
produced only in the very best of vintage years and from select estate vineyards. (731)

TIGNANELLO 1987 38.95 467.40
The pride of the Antinori cellars. A delicate blend of Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon.
Grace, elegance and complexity make this one of Italy’s most sought-after reds. (392)

Antinori White Wine
BIANCO DI TOSCANO 1989 6.95 83.40

A blend of Trebbiano and Malvasia creates this dry and enchanting wine produced by the
aristocrats of Firenza. (610)

GALESTRO “CAPSULA VIOLA” 1990 fei5y 193.00

Galestro takes its name from Tuscany’s crumbly soil. Very crisp, light and fragrant, the
flavors are citrus-like and clean. (844)

ORVIETO “CAMPO GRANDE” 1989 Mee 93. 00

Pale but honeyed, Antinori, makes one of Italy’s best dry wines from the hilltop village of

 

has made it one of Spain's
most sought-after vineyards.
Strict quality standards at all
stages of wine making have
relentlessly been applied
throughout its 70 year history.
With the guiding philosophy
that a great cava can only
come from great soil, Juvy y
Camps prides itself on its
choice vineyard land.

Juve y Camps owns the
three best vineyards of the
region. All three vineyards are
within close proximity to the
winery thus ensuring the
highest quality standards from

 

 

three hours after picking. There-
fore, no oxidation or premature

fermentation fas a chance to

occur. The result is that onfy
the free run juice, known as
“el mosto flor’, is used.
With a committment to ex-
cellence such as this, it comes
as no surprise that Juve y
Camps cavas are regularty
chosen to be served at Royal
and State occasions. The excel-
lence of Juve y Camps is world
Tenowned and supply far sut-
passes demand. If you want to
experience Spain's best, here is
a golden opportunity.

 

 

 

 

will ever taste. This holiday Orvieto. In the words of Barbara Ensrud: ‘Piero Antinori believes it to be his finest Orvieto yet, Bottle | Case os a i " Baile Case ‘
season, send Saran Nature to and I have to agree that it is more than any Orvieto ever aspired to be. Brisk and fresh, with accent i . : D [Reserve 11.95 143.40 ven) Canibe Ernuta GEsoiells 6.95 83.40
all your wine-loving friends. It flavors of citrus and a hint of wood, it raises the quality level for Orvieto a notch higher.” (674) Juve y C amps Brut Natural Reserve Juvey C ps ‘ P . cluvey Camps

de (a Famile. This sparkling wine is produced from grapes Blanco Flor. A still wine produced from unpressed juice of
Juve y Camps best grapes. The result is a crisp, dry, elegant wine
that is classically structured.

CERVARO DELLA SALA 1988 22.50 270.00

Castello della Sala. Here is a Chardonnay that is grown in Umbria and aged in small, oak

grown on the “Espiells” vineyard in only the best of virttage
barrels. (235)

years and is a methode champenoise.

 

$ 95 $ 40 promises to make one of the
19 Bottle a 3 O08. most elegant of all holiday gifts.

«+ PAR >

 

 
