 

 

     

ROYALLOCHNAGAR |

es n 1845 John Begg
| started producing the

finest quality whisky,
using the clear water that
flows from the slopes of the
beautiful Lochnagar
mountain to the River Dee.
Three years later, the young
Queen Victoria and Prince
Albert took up residence
for the first time at
Balmoral, half a mile away.
Their enterprising neighbor
invited the royal family to
visit his Distillery and
sample his special malt
whiskey, and the rest is
history. Today, the
Lochnagar Distillery retains
its Royal Warrant to supply
whisky to the Queen.

  
  
 

POS Seay
LOCHNAGAR|

Sa eas
SCOTCH WHISKY
cs

 

 

SALE
Bottle Case

ROYAL LOCHNAGER 12-YEAR 3300 407.40

Consistently smooth and elegant with a rich, fragrant aroma. Production is limited
to retain its distinctive character. (2569)

ROYAL LOCHNAGER SPECIAL RESERVE 149.95 1,799.40
Only the contents of very few casks are judged worthy of bottling, assuring
perfect quality and unique character. Thus, Royal Lochnager Special Reserve
justifiably earns its reputation as the most exclusive whisky in the world. (2570)

 

 

 

SIMI
yw orN ec RY

Simi has enjoyed its repu-
tation of excellence since
1876. Its proud history of
wine making started when
Pietro & Giuseppe Simi
built their stone winery in
Healdsburg, in the heart
of Sonoma County. The
Simi philosophy of dedica-
tion to excellence was
further enhanced with the
arrival of master winemaker
Zelma Long in 1979. Today
Simi is world renowned as
one of Sonoma’s most outstanding producers of classic Chardonnay and
Cabernet Sauvignon.

 

BOTTLE CASE

SIMI CABERNET SAUVIGNON 1987 14.95 179.40
ALEXANDER VALLEY. ‘The 1987 Cabernet Sauvignon is their finest regular bottling in
my memory. . . cassis-scented bouquet, full-bodied, firmly structured flavors, with excellent
concentration . . .”,—Robert Parker (588)

SIMI CABERNET SAUVIGNON RESERVE 24.95 299.40

I985, ALEXANDER VALLEY. Cassis and herbaceous fruit abound. Elegance and firm
body. The ‘‘Long”’ touch scales new heights in this 1985. (298)

 

SIMI CHARDONNAY 1989, Menpocino 14.95 179.40
Brilliant straw color with luscious fruit aromas and a delicate honeyed nose. (585)
SIMI CHARDONNAY RESERVE 1989 28.50 342.00

SONOMA. Chardonnay is Zelma Long’s expertise and the Chardonnay Reserves have
become her crowning jewel. ‘Quite possibly the finest Simi Reserve ever produced”’
comments James Laube. (301)

 

 

FO

 

_ Laurent Perrier | D1 Laurea

rier

 

GRAND SIECLE 1982

Acknowledged as one of the world’s
outstanding Champagnes. The floral
bouquet and toasty flavors on the palate
make this a very savory Champagne.
| Beautifully presented in an elegant,

antique-style bottle that makes it perfect

 

S(O _ ee

for holiday gift-giving. Unreservedly
recommended. (131)
f Creacas D )
ec ace

$ 2 oo

MeN ONE

 

 

Bie

Two GREAT WORLD-CLASS CHAMPAGNES FROM

Laurent Perrier

 

OA

 

Laurent Perrier

 

Urtra Brur

Zero dosage—one of the very driest of
Champagnes and a great favorite of con-
Marri noisseurs. We quote Robert Parker:

(Perec v “". . gloriously refined, flavorful champagne

...acrisp yet medium to full-bodied feel on
the palate, and a very impressive finish.”
Will make a great contribution to the
pleasure of your holiday entertaining. (203)

$3 noe 45 5 ee

 

 

 

 

 

GERMANY'S SECRET

  

bearing intimidating names often in Gothic script, and the overwhelming choice of

quality levels, growing regions and individual vineyards, are cause enough to send
consumers running to the nearest ‘English speaking” label they can find. Thanks to the 200
year-old firm of Deinhard, it is now possible to understand this German myth.

DEINHARD RIESLING Dry isa dry, delicate white wine from the banks of the Rhine in the
Nierstein area of Germany’s Rheinhessen region. It has the wonderful aroma of a German
wine but finishes dry, much like a California Chardonnay.

DEINHARD RIESLING DRY is the result of years of experienced wine craftsmanship. Using
the classic Riesling grape, Deinhard created a wine that will evolve in the bottle, a wine with a
delicate flowery nose, elegant dryness and perfect balance! Lovers of dry white wine rejoice!

$ 4 $ / | a

( erman wines have historically been a mystery to American consumers. Labels

DEINHARD RIESLING DRY | GBrade’

 

 

ENJOY CREME

AsleE=GiIROUEs &
SHERRY-LEHMANN

the good fortune of sampling

the famed Creme Brule at Le
Cirque we can think of no more
appropriate time then during the
holidays. It is now possible to
experience a Creme Brule at Sherry-
Lehmann—LIQUEUR BRULE—a
new taste sensation from France.
Liqueur Brule is a delicate blend of
the finest French Cognac and Eau-
de-Vie with a hint of caramel. The
result is a liqueur that glides down
like silk and tastes like heaven.

LIQUEUR BRULE is reminiscent

of the vitality of the French Impres-
sionistic era when masters such as
Renoir, Monet, Cezanne and Degas
marked a new movement in art as
well as in life. “Joie de vivre’ was the
mood of cafe society where an L~
atmosphere of informal intimacy
and gaiety prevailed. Liqueur Brule
captures this very essence. Enjoy it
straight or on the rocks or as the per-
fect accompaniment to that scrump-
tous treat creme brule—either way
you'll be glad you did. (3372)

f- or those who have never had

 

 

 

°IO sorte
"LOS Cc

 

 

BOLLA CRESO 1986

A New Italian Red Wine Discovery

varietals, is proud to introduce a new member to their portfolio of

excellent wines. Creso is a proprietary red wine created by Bolla through a
masterful and unique blending of Cabernet Sauvignon, Corvina and
selected late harvest Corvina grapes grown in Valpolicella. The result is a
wine that nears perfection.

k ratelli Bolla, one of Italy’s most respected producers of premium Italian

Fratelli Bolla chose to call his new wine Creso, a name steeped in history and |
legend. King Croesus ruled the ancient nation of Lydia more than 2500 years
ago. And yet the legend of Croesus’ vast wealth lives on today. His name still
represents that which is rich, perfect and of exquisite taste. Now, the legend |
lives in Creso.

Bolla Creso 1986 is full-flavored, with abundant ripe fruit and well
balanced acidity. Its no wonder it was awarded Vinexpo’s Gold Medal in
1989. The Wine Spectator sings the praises of Bolla Creso: ‘Smooth and gentle, |
beautifully balanced, harmonious and generous of flavor, offering smoky, slightly
chocolaty raspberry and black cherry aromas and flavors.”

 

This holiday season, let the legend live on. Discover Bolla Creso 1986. You’l!
be glad you did. (198)

4) ee Oe

 

 

> (60) ce

 
