Two of the World’s Most Coveted Gifts

- DOM PERIGNON 1983 & TIFFANY CRYSTAL -s

Delivered Free This Holiday Season

 

luxuries have been brought together

at last. Moet and Chandon marries
its beloved tete de cuvee, Dom Perignon,
with elegant Tiffany crystal in two separate
gift ideas.

a. wo of the world’s most cherished

Dom Perignon, the world’s most esteemed
Champagne, is a special blend created early
this century to be used exclusively by the
Moet family. It was later named Dom
Perignon, after the 17th century Benedictine
monk, who at the Abbey of Hautvillers,
produced the first Champagne of the world.

A bottle of Dom Perignon 1983 com-
bined with Tiffany’s Crystal Scroll
Handled Ice Bucket is a winning com-
bination. Accolades go to the bottle of
Dom Perignon 1983 accompanied by two
of Tiffany’s popular Champagne glasses.
These hollow stemmed crystal glasses are

oN

 

 

the ideal flutes, capturing all the delicious
Dom Perignon bubbles ina graceful manner.

Both gifts can be delivered Free of Charge,
anywhere in New York State, this holiday
season to all those discriminating connois-
seurs on your gift list.

DOM PERIGNON 1983
WITH TIFFANY FLUTES (above)

DOM PERIGNON 1983
WITH TIFFANY ICE BUCKET (Lett)

8QQ?5
’1393

 

 

 

Cabreo | angueruy
A New Breed of Tuscan Classics

i Ae uscany has long set standards for

 

excellence in art as well as wine. Its
heritage is steeped in classics—

from Florence’s art treasures to the towers Me of us are aware of
of Pisa; and from Chianti’s Sangiovese the elegant deep green
grape to the famed Brunello di Montalcino. bottle that holds the superb
History is once again being made with an gin of Tanqueray. Now, it is
innovative new class of high quality wines possible to enjoy the same
known as ee ae oe excellence in Tanqueray
eee nc RUSCab erage Wit Sterling Vodka. The beautiful
innovative viticultural technology. | f cuba ; re
Bee es o-thne leailer okerelles | frosted bottle contains what
uffino, a long-time leader of excellence ate,
the master distiller of Charles

 

 

in Italian wines, has created Predicato | Tl,
wines under the Cabreo label. Cabreo, Tanqueray & Co. Ltd calls S : Payyuclay
meaning a family book of holdings, “Perfection in a Vodka.” It is Sibling
represents the finest in Tuscan excellence. amongst the cleanest and : oe
aa smoothest of vodkas and IMPORTED
Botlem an aGase makes an exceptional martini, 8

 

hin Gueruy

She Ung
VODKA

preferably with a twist of
lemon rather than an olive, to
preserve its crisp taste. :

When you try it, you too Bh ei
will see why it is called TE
perfection. (1963)

CABREO LA PIETRO 21.95 263.40
1987. Predicato del Muschio. 100%
Chardonnay from grapes grown on cool
hillside vineyards. Rich and complex
with a hint of vanilla and almonds. (226)

CABREOILBORGO 26.95 323.40
1986. Predicato di Biturica. Made
from a happy marriage of Cabernet Also available in the liter-size at $17.95
Sauvignon and Sangiovese grapes. Great the liter, $215.40 the case, (1964); and in $ 95 $
depth and structure combine with velvety the Magnum-size at $34.95 Bott! 1 7 9

Ottle

smoothness. (743) the Magnum, $209.70 case of six. (1962)

 

 

 

SD.

 

40

Case

 

Reserve Maison

J ] Y he small family owned com-
pany of Georges Fransac,
established since 1850, has created

something new and exciting for
the holiday season.

Bauchant is a Cognac and
Orange Liqueur bottled in the
Cognac region of France. This
special hand-blown crystal
decanter, with a unique crystal
orange inside, is a premium blend
of X.O. Cognacs and natural orange
essence taken from Andalusian
oranges. The Fransac Company’s
secret formula creates a luscious,
rich and smooth orange liqueur in
a keepsake bottle that you will
treasure.

Send it as a gift of good taste and
beauty to all those special names
on your gift list. Better yet, send it
to yourself as the best gift of all.

ARGENTINA’S QUEST FOR QUALITY
HAS BEEN ACHIEVED AT

TRAPICHE

ae

A Ithough few American connoisseurs are familiar with
£\ the wonderful wines produced at Trapiche, everyday
scores of oenophiles become new admirers of this marvelous
vineyard located in Mendoza, Argentina’s best wine
producing region. Since its founding at the end of the 19th
century, Trapiche Vineyards has passed from one generation
to the next.

Carlos Pulenta, the current chairman, had a dream to
produce a first-class wine for the international marketplace.
Since 1973, Senior Pulenta has invested wisely in his
vineyard. A new, state-of-the-art winery was constructed; a
team of experts were hired; and the vineyards were replanted.
Carlos Pulenta’s dream has been achieved — particularly in
the Special Oak Cask Reserve wines that are offered here.
We urge you to sample these two wine gems and discover
one of Argentina’s great secrets.

Bottle Case
TRAPICHE CHARDONNAY RESERVE 749 89.88
1990. Aged in French oak casks for 4 months, this 1990

Chardonnay displays delicately crisp fruit flavors with a

touch of vanilla on the nose. (299)

TRAPICHE CABERNET SAUVIGNON 749 89.88

RESERVE 1986. Very subtle with a hint of toasty new
oak and spicy flavors of currants and black pepper. A
genuinely aristocratic wine. (829)

 

 

 

Scotch is proudly produced by Justerini & Brooks, Ltd, the

historic wine and spirits firm that has served the reigning sovereigns
of Great Britain since 1749. Perhaps their 241 years of wine knowledge and
whisky-making skill explains the extraordinary bouquet, mellowness, delicate
flavor and richness of taste that are now internationally recognized as the
hallmarks of J&B Scoth Whisky.
J&B Scotch achieves instant recognition among Scotch enthusiasts the moment
the familiar big red letters, J&B, are sighted. J&B now brings instant holiday
recognition upon opening its box. A bottle of J&B is tucked inside a sleek,
handsome musical box that plays “Jingle Bells” the moment it is opened. Can
you think of a more joyful way to get in the holiday mood? Send J&B this
Christmas and keep all your friends singing. (2532)

~~ e ee
oe F Bottle me

OG:

 

 

 
