 

 

  

 

 

Aa?

 

THE AMIRAL

he Amiral is an exquisite blend of old Grande Champagne Cognacs. Once blended

it has the complex qualities of the very best of Cognacs. The three month Tour du
Monde gives a rare distinction and a balance of aromas characteristic of older Cognacs
while keeping its agreeable complexity.

The smoothness and balance of taste resulting from Tour du Monde places the Amiral
firmly in a class all of its own. Upon tasting this incredible Cognac you will discover an
exciting, slow motion explosion of flavors and aromas never before experienced. (2777)

199s. °2,3998.

Sherry-Lehmann Is Proud To
The Distinguished KELT

The Cognac

In the heart of the Cognac region lies the smallest and most
celebrated district - Grande Champagne. The most memorable of
Cognacs are born on the slopes of this legendary area, yet very few
of the old Grande Champagne Cognacs remain today. Most have
been used on cross district blends to lend distinction
to their lesser cousins. The KELT collection is an exquisite blend
of very old Cognacs exclusively from the Grande Champagne
district. The Cognacs in each blend are unique and quite
extraordinary. From the moment you snift their delicate bouquet
until your Cognac snifter is empty, you'll know you've experienced
the most remarkable of all Cognacs.

—— The Tour du Monde
(World Tour)

Until the end of the 19th century Cognac was shipped to far away
destinations in oak barrels. It was discovered that the brandy
developed in an extraordinary way during the sea voyage. After
decades in the cool, dark and quiet of the cellars of Cognac the
brandy was suddenly exposed to the constant rolling of the sea,
drastic temperature variations and the humidity of the sea air.
Upon arrival in the Americas or the French colonies the Cognac
was rounder, smoother and possessed a rare complexity of
fragrances. The sea appeared to have a magical effect on the oak
wood as well as the Cognac itself.

With the 20th century came modernization. It became more
practical to bottle the Cognacat source and ship it in bottles. Sadly,
the magical effect of the sea disappeared.

Cognac KELT have now revived this tradition and taken it one
step further. The finest old Grande Champagne Cognacs, still in
Limousin oak barrels, are sent on a three month sea voyage
around the world. The Cognac is bottled upon its return to
France. The result is an astonishingly smooth Cognac with a rare
balance of subtle flavours and aromas. This remarkable return to

tradition and the quality so cherished by our ancestors is unique
to Cognac KELT.

Cognac KELT

Cognac KELT is a small family owned company concentrating on
only the finest of the old Grande Champagne Cognacs. The
Cognacs are sought out and blended by one of the master blenders
in Grande Champagne and are, even prior to the Tour du Monde,
of a remarkable quality. With the Tour du Monde as the final
touch of maturation the KELT Cognacs are truly outstanding, One
demanding expert who tasted the Cognac before and after the Tour
du Monde remarked: “This was a great Cognac. It is now a
memorable Cognac!”,

Ce hd PD

ay
yi
N
Ly
y
N
\

2}

Pn

 

cl ad

a rs ar we a rs ee st sr al

Announce The Acquisition of

Tour du Monde Cognacs

THE EXPLORER COLLECTION

he theme of this collection is famous explorers. This premier

edition was created in honor of Christopher Columbus on the
occasion of the quincentenary of his discovery of America. The bottle is
designed especially for this collection and will not be repeated. As in fine
sculpture, once the production of this refined product is completed, all
molds of the bottle and cork will be destroyed.

 

This special cuvee is a delicate blend of Grande Champagne Cognacs with
the unmistakable Tour du Monde characteristics. The Christopher
Columbus Explorer Collection Cognac is presented in a box featuring
Columbus’ flagship, The Santa Maria. A map on the inside of the lid
shows his route. Later editions will feature such explorers as Vasco de
Gama, Amerigo Vespucci, Magellan and Marco Polo. (2778)

See 100

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

LES QUATRE VENTS

ere is the flagship of the Kelt domain. ‘Les Quatre Vents” is French for “The Four

Winds” — North, East, West and South. The name is a tribute to the Tour du Monde
and the influence of these four winds upon the final three months of maturation of this
unique Cognac.

 

Only a fortunate few will have the opportunity to sample the legendary, self-evident elegance of
this very old Grande Champagne Cognac. Les Quatre Vents is a tremendously precious Cognac
of which there are only 25 small barrels in existence. It would be irresponsible to send a Cognac
such as this in one single shipment around the world. Kelt has therefore decided to send four
shipments, one representing each wind, Each shipment is limited to 2,800 decanters and the
remainder is reserved for the Kelt family.

Les Quatre Vents is presented in a numbered, hand-made
(lead-free) crystaline decanter, placed in an exclusive, aged,
cherrywood box, assembled in the French countryside by
fine French artisans, designed especially for this ultimate
Cognac. Les Quatre Vent makes the most extraordinary
Cognac gift we've ever experienced.

*This rare cognac can be $ 00 *
especially ordered at ) Bottle

 

      

Ae

 

 
