 

  

Ae mer rs

Two Grand Marnier Cuvees

Grand Marnier Cordon Rouge
Grand Marnier Cordon Rouge enjoys a worldwide reputation of excellence.
OCA US aa cre ken Ure ern Rh ronan ey Re ceeema coe
the tropics, according to a secret recipe developed in 1871. Its excellence is unquestioned,
and its popularity grows from year to year. It’s no wonder that Grand Mamier Cordon
but RM a ream a mealouiir Mit aren

OAC ue Ou eco Oe on Mmm ce ee
Together, the Grand Mamier and elegant tin makes one of this year’s most exciting of
holiday gifts. (3541)

2 0N *3952.

 

Creme de Grand Marnier Liqueur —
Creme de Grand Mamier is a subtle, sophisticated blend of vefvety smooth
cream, artfully mized with the legendary taste of Grand Mamier to create the
of all cream liqueurs. Creme de Grand Mamier comes in the gay and colorful gift tin

er Te BUC g ees mua yuu ree acer meant)
seek the very finest of life's pleasures. Served chilled, Creme de Grand Marnier will
LA muweit ure cee :

$1625, LIE YoN

  

Holiday Grand Marnier Drinks
Grand Apple Cafe Francais

Grand Marnier Toddy

1 oz Grand Mamier Y% oz Grand Marnier
4 oz Red Wine 1 oz Apple Brandy

Pinch of Sugar and Cinnamon % oz Cognac

1 oz Creme de Grand Marnier
1 cup Black Coffee

1 tsp Sugar

Heat red wine, adding a pinch of cinnamon. Pour hot Pour in a mixing glass with several ice cubes; stir well and Combine together and top with whipped cream.
wine into a toddy mug. Light Grand Mamier on a large ay into chilled old-fashioned glass. Top with a twist of

spoon and pour flaming over the wine. Sweeten to taste.

 

and orange.

PY Wi ee Pea yi ke’

7)

Aone |

iz A

|
i

‘3

mb a

SALON

BLANC de BLANCS

To this day the House of Salon makes just one Champagne, a téte
de cuvée vintage blanc de blancs, and only in the greatest years when
the grapes ripen to perfection. Salon uses only those grapes grown in the
20 vineyards in the Grand Cru village of Le Mesnil-sur-Oger selected
by Aimé Salon at the turn of the century. The 1982 vintage of Salon,
which Connoisseur Magazine calls, “The Ultimate Champagne”, was
produced in tiny quantities. It is only the 20th vintage of Salon in the
last 63 years. Not surprisingly, the 1982 Salon is considered (not just
RO cim el CORO mee mee The

$1322 te $ 1,5956... (47)

Frank Prial of The New York Times comments “Fetzer is a good name to watch for,
whatever your wine needs may be. The Fetzers, who are based up north in Mendocino
County, are masters at producing what the American market needs: excellent wines at
very reasonable prices.”

Praise from noted wine authorities and publications does not come easily. But Fetzer
Vineyards deserve all the praise they get. The family of ten Fetzers, now under the
direction of eldest son John, have devoted their lives to seeking out excellence at
wonderfully modest prices. The Fetzer's dedication to excellence is so steadfast that
family policy dictates that any member who doesn’t pull his or her own weight can be
asked to leave the company. This dedication is well demonstrated in the Barrel Select
family of wines listed here.

Barrel Select White Wine Boal: > Gar
FETZER BARREL SELECT SAUVIGNON 1990 7.99 97.40

A classic Sauvignon Blanc with fresh, mildly grassy, citrus aromas. Melon tones to the
intense nose, while rich, complex flavors of figs, lemon and spice cover the palate.

FETZER BARREL SELECT CHARDONNAY 1989 8.97 107.40
Made from 100% Chardonnay grown on Fetzer’s select Mendocino vineyards and aged in
new French oak barrels. The result is this deliciously crisp and toasty. (94/)

Barrel Select Red Wine

FETZER BARREL SELECT ZINFANDEL 1988 1.99 97.40
Complex bouquet of blackberry, cherry and spice, mingled with medium-bodied, peppery
flavors and a spicy finish.

FETZER BARREL SELECT CABERNET SAUVIGNON 1987 9.97 119.40
Wine critic Peter Meltzer comments: “Soft, delightfully accessible with great future
potential.” The art of fine winemaking is apparent in this bottling. (9/5)

 
