MOET & CHANDON

SENSATIONAL ITALIAN WINE Sace!
(""“_ THE WORLD’S BEST-LOVED CHAMPAGNE <2

hese three winesfromCantine
Mezzacoronaareamongthose_ | =e
rare, marvelous discoveries that [iam i)
make being a wine-lover a joy and Asie, Scl= fas
an adventure. Not only are they | iW iszavanel e
pleasing to the palate, butalso kind arises Eeone\
to your budget. Peace ayy pee et ar Se 2
Cantine Mezzacorona was origi- Be
nally founded in 1904 and has
become perhaps the proudest and
most dedicated producer in the
Trentino area. Mezzacorona has
made the most of what nature has
so generously offered them on
their well selected vineyard sites.
Their highly qualified team has
created a state of the art winery
that guarantees the highest caliber
quality vintage after vintage.

 

BLANC DE BLANCS

In a Letter to the Editor of The Sunday
Magazine of The New York Times, Craig
Claiborne wrote:

‘When I serve large groups, I do not serve Dom
Perignon Champagne, for which I have the greatest
admiration! I serve a ‘lowly’ (but to my mind
excellent) Boyer Brut sparkling wine that is a
Champagne-type produced out of the Champagne

region of France.”’

 

Boyer Brut is a distinguished dry sparkling
wine of high heritage—from some of the better
vineyards of France. It is ideal for those who want
a sparkling wine that is dry and pleasing to your

: SALE pocketbook as well as your palate.
THE WINES OF MEZZACORONA BOTTLE CASE Boyer Brut is an ideal companion to any

E : : ‘ ee = occasion. Champagnes and sparkling wines are
EidARDION a an, pee OPA dy 5:69 coe playing a larger and larger role as the most
na Newsday article about Italian ardonnay, Davi osengarten comments: “Best o iate of ktail d after-di drinks.
all, perhaps, is the Trentino chardonnay from Cantine Mezzacorona; this completely unoaked ee ee a ee ee

se ati : ae ; Boyer Brut has long been a holiday tradition

number tastes something like a bright muscadet with some additional complexity. It’s a perfect y gb oe Ser

; i ee es : at Sherry-Lehmann. It has graced the tables of
risotto wine... and a stunning value at $6.”’ (7150) :

: _ A ; : be holiday parties, wedding receptions, birthdays,
PINOT GRIGIO TRENTINO 1990 569 GS.OC

: anniversaries and graduations. It has toasted the
The most popular dry white wine grape of Italy. Many are now fetching $10 or more. None winners of horse races, and other sporting events.
are more appealing than this bottling. (7107)

We can’t think of a more charming accompani-

CABERNET SAUVIGNON TRENTINO 1988 5.69 68.00 ment to festive parties than a chilled bottle or two

The mountainous Trentino region is naturally suited to the cultivation of classic Cabernet of Boyer Brut. Why not join the happy number
Sauvignon. This elegantly dry estate-bottled wine will compete with a fine Medoc. (1027)

of clientele that order Boyer Brut by the case?
You'll be glad you did! (81)

MEZZACORONA 12-BOTTLE TRENTINO SAMPLER 68.00

TWELVE BOT TLES—Consists of 4 bottles of each of the 3 wines listed above. Discover |

how delicious these reasonably priced Italian gems can be! (6500) Bottle one

 

 

 

 

 

IN 1741 Pedro De Valdivia Discovered Santiago
470 Years Later, Sherry-Lehmann Discovers Santiago “1741”

Chile’s Greatest Wine BARGAIN

auf

 

MOE Ine

! UT
icine TINH
ae 7)

throughout the world. Napoleon was a great lover of Champagne and
a good friend of Jean-Remy Moet, founder of Maison Moet &
Chandon. Napoleon stopped by his friend’s vineyard so often to stock up on
Champagne that Moet built two houses just to accommodate the “little
Emperor” and his entourage. Legend has it that Napoleon lost at Waterloo
partly because his supply line to Moet’s Champagne cellar had been cut off,
leaving him to drink Belgian beer.
Today, Moet’s dedication to excellence, formidable winemaking team,
vineyard holdings and unparalleled organization, all conspire to make Moet
& Chandon the leading Champagne house of the world.

se: Champagnes of Moet & Chandon have long been adored

(50H.

Bottle (Orta)

WHITE STAR EXTRA DRY 23.95 287.40

Gentle, fruity and not quite as dry as the Moet Brut. Excellent with dessert. (84)
BRUT IMPERIAL 26.95 323.40

Its clean, fresh, flavorful and consistent style has made it the most popular
Brut non-vintage in the world. (49)

BRUT IMPERIAL 1986 32.95 395.40
Made from a blend of Chardonnay and Pinot Noir grapes. (247)

DOM PERIGNON 1983 79.95 959.40
Moet’s “‘tete de cuvee” is a coveted luxury throughout the world. Named
after the 17th century Benedictine monk who invented Champagne at the
Abbey of Hautvillers. (30)

istory has taught us
that the world was quite
a different place 450
years ago. King Henry VIII
had just beheaded his second
wife, Ann Boleyn, Michael-
angelo was creating master-
pieces and the country of
Spain was amassing great
wealth in an era of exploration,
discovery and colonization.
Pedro de Valdivia, an
intrepid Spanish explorer,
crossed the Atacame desert
from Peru in 1540. The
following year, he overcame
extreme hardship and hostile
Araucanian Indians to estab-
lish a fort at the site of what is
now the city of Santiago.
Little did Senor Valdivia

Santiag :

y= 1541——= y

CABERNET SAUVIGNON

SANTA ANA, MAIPO VALLEY

SANTA ANA DE CURICO, SANTA ANA

SHERRY-LEHMANN

RED CHILEAN TABLE WINE - ALC. BY VO

know that just to the east of this lay the Maipo Valley, Chile’s finest wine producing
region. Nor did Pedro Valdivia know that Spanish missionaries had already planted vines
just a few years prior to his mission. Fortunately for us however, this was the birth of Chile’s
fine wine industry as we know it today.

The Chilean wine industry is currently one of the best regulated in the world. Asa result,
Chilean wine is of exceptionally high quality. We at Sherry-Lehmann are explorers

ourselves—constantly in search of stellar wines. After
numerous blind tastings we made our discovery and
cried ‘Eureka!’ So impressed were we by the high
caliber and low prices that we proudly christened
them Santiago 1541” in honor of Pedro de
Valdivia’s discovery in 1541.
SALE
Bone Case

 

SANTIAGO “1541” SAUVIGNON 4.99 79.88

BLANC 1991. From the Maipo, Chile’s greatest
wine-producing region comes this elegantly dry and
golden Sauvignon Blanc. You will discover why so
many officionados are raving about the wines of
Chile when you taste this Sauvignon Blanc. (7166)

SANTIAGO “1541” CABERNET 4.99 79.88

SAUVIGNON 1989. When we discovered this
superb Cabernet Sauvignon, we could not believe
the low cost. Deep color, full of fruit, and as the
English say ‘“‘very claret in style.’’ Exceptional
value.(1026)

 

DISCOVER CHILE SAMPLER

TWELVE BOTTLES—Consists ONLY

of six each of the two wines $588
listed shove. (6640) For All 12 Bottles

 

 

Pedro de Valdivia, the explorer who
discovered Santiago in 1541.

= 15k

 
