 
 

    
 
       
 
    
   
 
      

2
J
The Story Behind Raoul Dufy’s “Mon Docteur le Vin” SHERRY-LEHMANN COM ££ ¥
e Story Behind Raoul Dufys Mon Docteur le Vin :
By Christien Ducker s d s I i /S
, | Celebrating 70 Years On Madison Avenue! ¢
hen I first came across “Mon Docteur le Vin” in 2000, contains all the charming and humorous commentary of the
it was hidden in a framed picture, just two pages original with the added benefit of a brilliantly written forward by | e _—
exposed. I was poking around a friend’s basement in Paul Lukacs, a wine scholar and author of “American Vintage, [ :
anticipation of helping him clear out his house prior to moving. the Rise of American Wine.” Sherry-Lehmann was

My curiosity got the better of me
and before turning the picture
over to a thrift shop, I delved
further. To my great delight, I
discovered a treasure that brought
to life the very book we are proud
to showcase in the pages of this
edition of the Sherry-Lehmann
catalogue.

founded by Jack Aaron
pictured above, in

1934 and was located
approximately one block
away from its current
location on Madison
Avenue. It has been at
679 Madison, featured
on the left, since 1949

 

Vbon es Zz Ve

Watercolors by Raoul Dufy
Introduction by Paul Lukacs

The Henry McBride Foundation was
named after the foremost American
art critic of the 20th century. Henry
McBride wrote for “The New York
Sun” and “The Dial” and counted
amongst his close friends, Gertrude
Stein, Alfred Steiglitz, and Henri
Matisse. After writing a complimen-
tary review of Dufy’s work, McBride
met the artist and his wife for lunch
in 1917 and formed a strong bond
of friendship. In his later years of
life, Henry McBride met Max
Miltzlaff while attending the

This witty little volume, featured in this catalogue, was first pub-
lished in French in 1936 and extols the many joys and benefits of

} wine. Wine drinkers will
: —-
Mon Dockeurile Vike

 

take pleasure in Gaston
Derys’s quaint apprecia-
tion of the grape, and art
lovers will admire Raoul
Dufy’s joyful watercolors.
Reflecting the exuberance
and élan of an earlier day,
Derys takes us back to a
time when the doctor's =|

Hoe eo oes cre Ona 3 ; ; See ee PS aie - WINES-LIQUORS -
an amiable glass of wine. rey = . g i ta i

     
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
     
 
       

“Mon Docteur le Vin,” first
published in Paris in 1936, was
in essence an advertisement. The

book was designed to sell wine

 
 

“Mon Docteur Le Vin", was
the brainchild of Etienne

 

by promoting wine’s medicinal

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

     
 
  

 

 
 
  
 

    

    

 

 

   

qualities for the well-known French = 3 —- opera. McBride and Miltzlaff soon Nicolas, the innovative
wine merchant, Etienne Nicolas, “Long life thanks to wine.” formed a fast friendship that would Cie erer Ce cuanto
: ‘ See : : : : oe : ues 5 wine shops that carries his f =
the director of a distinguished chain of shops that bear the last until McBride died in 1962. During their friendship Henry family name to this day. In a TET Gift Peer ie
family name “Nicolas.” What makes “Mon Docteur le Vin” so gave Max many of the art treasures he accumulated over the See eee eee ene ny Ween a ae
entertaining is that it is essentially a humorous commentary on years — including an original copy of the 1936 publication “Mon the pokes Cor eee B Toulouse-Lautrec Gift Paper
S 5 Dee ee Sole Ue Sane) es o oie SURO) Bees eS promote a specific image of wine, to present wine as something Seay ater
the pleasures and, above all, tongue-in-cheek, Docteur le Vin.” Henry used to tell Max that he thought his healthy and natural, and at the same time cultured and refined. Pa aka ca
the purported health benefits of wine. A book name would be “writ in sand,” after he died. Determined that ea ae meli aie
that was well ahead of its time being published would not happen, Max created a foundation named after his $ 1 G50 on Sale Reg $19.50
more than 50 years before friend.
the “French Paradox” was
revealed on a segment of “60 Today, the Henry McBride Foundation researches “lost and Argentina ....... 66
Missa” eee 5 Sp eer ee eee eR co Tes nade re magnace --. = 55
RITE Minutes.” Once again, the forgotten” art and artists and uses the proceeds from repro ANYWHERE IN NEW YORK STATE ON WINE & SPIRITS ORDERS =e eee :
er as ae subject of healthful wine in ductions to support art programs for children’s charities. OVER $99.95 TO EACH SHIPPING ADDRESS Ee acs ae
nd \ > server featuring a . : : . A il} inn tddrace | Ce ee he EU DUPUEGUA. ~~ ~~
3 é fs moderation is back in the As well as the book, the foundation has created a line of Below $99.95, Please Add $12.95 For Each Shipping Address. Red Bordeaux Futures 37
reproduction of a Raoul : SR
veers : >adlines! -eramics. hand-made i enuta. Ite C ime > ; ‘Delivery Area Includes Long Island, Westchester And The Rest of i
Dap wibeselor ene aval headlines! ceramics, hand-made in Denuta, Italy, to compliment the book. ew York State, From The Hamptons To The Canadian Border. eo Se = Fy
Siping aan hee eet WE DELIVER BEYOND NEW YORK STATE oa lamas oe = ne
for $120.00 or individually At the time of its creation I am sure that this whimsical and charming book will become as Fe 7 Gime ao OY
gees ay RON hie a a = A Aleyacde cme ie aladadcan = colebrat ‘ao na het
at $64.95 a piece Etienne Nicolas commis much of a classic as its predecessor — celebrating wine as being mB] e Ribbon” Delive Service Champagne .........-..--.-- 14 fa)
sioned Raoul Dufy, the so good for the body and the soul. And rd u ry ae rot tete settee eee ees 68 Bay
5 : 3 ; Pires : era cine | ; i French Country .............- 20
renowned French artist, to illustrate the foibles and festivities what a fine collaboration it is to be Sherry-Lehmann is proud to offer FREE DELIVERY to any point in Y fo]
: ae : ; : : j New York State on any order over $99.95. We would also like to Germany ........--..------- 68 be)
of upper-middle class Parisian society. The witty captions by featured in the pages of the Sherry- call your attention to our special “BLUE RIBBON” deliveries. We can Italy 26 Be}
Gaston Derys tie it all together. The story behind “Mon Lehmann catalogue, where the reader can paegaerders BO ee Bae Kosher ...................-- 57 ay
ee ; : : : ae ie A . Bee he 10
Docteur le Vin” is as interesting as the book itself. Mystery find thousands of delicious “remedies” ss J Re eee eee ee eee OG DE“ | olUNcwresand tt tts =
es 6 oe ; ; - tlle TO WESTCHESTER: Mondays and Thursdays, New Zealand ................ 70 e
surrounds the 19 brilliant watercolors by Raoul Dufy. They were according to “Mon Docteur le Vin. on orders of 2 cases or more, or over $150. Ordenrorm:... =. 82 fiw
last seen in an exhibition in Paris in 1936, they have never been TO NASSAU: Tuesdays and Fridays, on orders Portugals.- 2.55... oso 70
a ee Se en ae : : : Le . of 2 cases or more, or over $150. Wintcerot. 48
seen since and thelr current wnereaboults are unknown. Further information on “Mon Docteur ee er eh ie, alae TO THE HAMPTONS & THE NORTHFORK Shane 1
. al . SIC CRE - C es c To man. ack nnnen! US SSS SSS 0—6l  @ ope (SERN etter ee
or The Henry McBride Foundation : PES Beginning May ‘st, 2004 __ : ee er 1
Meir thenviins aereraalistis Gincill. ad ; decided : eae. of the Henry McBride Foundation Saturdays our Special Blue Ribbon Service delivers from W pages
After having uncovered this small, framed treasure, I decide can be obtained by visiting Feb aieudth Hens Bay Shore to Montauk Point and from Baiting pa: to Web -Forbes WED EYAL Southramica. <<. <5... - 71
to republish a translated version for the Henry McBride Ale ; ae : | Orient Point on orders of 3 cases or more, or over $175. Spans 71
Bae 5 ee y www.henrymcbride.org, or sending tion’s benefactor, 100-year old Orders can be accepted up to Friday, 3 PM. Sons 80
Foundation, a nonprofit organization. The new version an email to info@henrymcbride.org.

   
   

Maximillian Heinrich Miltzlaff | Orders below the “Blue Ribbon minimum are delivered 1) iT h Wine Accessories ............. 73
| via U.PS. (U.P.S. usually delivers within 24 to 48 hours). Ye li os e rae

Cover: “Wine as a remedy for convalescents.” SEEN

Z

© Sherry-Lehmann 3/04 Prices subject to change. Not responsible for typographical errors.

 

PHONE: 212-838-7500 © FAX: 212-838-9285 or within USA FAX: 1-800-811-WINE ¢ www.sherry-lehmann.com ¢ e-mail: inquiries@sherry-lehmann.com

OO

PHONE: 212-838-7500 © FAX: 212-838-9285 or within USA FAX: 1-800-811-WINE ¢ www.sherry-lehmann.com ¢ e-mail: inquiries@sherry-lehmann.com

 
