 
 

ARRIVES IN TIME TO
BRING ITS FRUIT AND
CHARM TO YOUR SUM-
MER & FALL LIVING!

The Brouilly 1973 won the Gold
and Silver Awards at both the
Macon and Paris Fairs—the first
time in French wine history that
this has occurred!

This 1973 BEAUJOLAIS BROUILLY, which made wine
history by winning the Gold Award at both the Macon and
Paris Fairs, is the proud, estate-bottled wine grown at
Chateau de La Chaize, one of the noblest and most highly
regarded vineyards of all Beaujolais. Chateau de La Chaize
has consistently been the best selling red wine in our history
—everyone loves it and comes back for more. Unlike the
lesser Beaujolais, this Grand Cru Brouilly is not bottled im-
mediately after the vintage, but in the Spring following the
vintage since it is a full, well-rounded wine of character that
requires added barrel age to bring out its full potential and
unique longevity. You will be delighted with its dramatic,
fruity, arbor-like qualities that will not only enhance your
summer living, but bring joy to your dinner table during

the Fall and Winter.
The 1972 BEAUJOLAIS VILLAGES presents an intriguing

wine story. Under French law, the grower is permitted to
use the high-ranking name ‘Brouilly’ only for a limited
quantity per acre. Anything beyond that must be demoted
and take on the lower appellation of ‘Beaujolais Villages.’
In fact, every drop here is from the Brouilly vineyard and
is indistinguishable by any comparative tasting. The bene-
factor thus is the wise consumer who is more interested in
what is in the bottle than what appears on the label. The
proprietor of Chateau de La Chaize, Marquis de Roussy de
Sales, reduced his price, and we have passed the savings on
to you. At $2.99 the bottle, $32.30 the case, our tasting
panel is of the opinion that this is probably the best value
in truly outstanding Beaujolais available to the American
public.

The LA CHAIZE vineyard, in the famed wine growing dis-
trict of Brouilly, has been maintained through successive
generations for three centuries by the Marquis de Roussy de
Sales family. Tradition dictates that they never compromise
with dedication and excellence.

2

 

 

La Marquise and Marquis de Roussy de Sales are smiling and happy
because they are proud of what they have gathered during their
1973 vintage at Chateau de La Chaize and are pleased that their
wine won the great distinction of being awarded the Gold Medal at
both the Mécon and Paris Wine Fair.

TINGUISHED ESTATE-BOTTLED BEAUJOLAIS
, ATE OF CHATEAU DE LA CHAIZE

No. Size Bottie Case

| 282 Bottle Beaujolais Brouilly 1973 ....3.99 44.50
The full potential of the estate is achieved

here. Here is the very wine that won the
|

  

   
 
 

Gold Award at the Paris and Macon Fairs.
Remarkable.
265 Bottle Beaujolais Brouilly 1972 .... 3.69 39.85
Quantity limited and irreplaceable. Distin-
| guished — just coming into its own — long-
lived.
292 Bottle Beaujolais Villages 1972 ....2.99 32.30 |
| From the same Brouilly vineyard. However,
| due to French regulations, surplus beyond
a certain quantity must be called ‘Beaujo-
lais Villages.’ Fantastic value.
294 Pichet Beaujolais Villages 1972 .... 2.39 51.90
The Pichet equals 18 oz. or %% of regular
bottle. The ideal size when a bottle is too
much and a half-bottle is not quite enough.
24 Pichets to the case. Pichets arrive in
September.
1052 Half-bottle Beaujolais Brouilly 1971 .. 1.99 44.50
The useful half-bottle—24 to case. Since
’71 is long-lived, just coming into its own.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gold Award winner
both at the Macon
and Paris Fairs for
the best Brouilly
produced during
1973 vintage.

 

  
 
 
 
  
  

 

DURING THE LAST DECADE, a cultural explosion
has taken place in the world of food and wine. Enthus-
iasm and knowledge have spread because of increased
leisure, world-jet travel, a proliferation of books and
articles devoted to gastronomy—and most importantly,

. a greater interest in eating well at home and in restau-

rants. As a result, Americans consume more wine with
each passing year. Thanks to major advances in vini-
culture, the vineyards of both California and Europe,
as well as South America, are producing better wine
to meet the more exacting demands of the consumer.

We have all watched the spiralling of prices and ob-
served a Lafite Rothschild go through the cost barrier
and fetch well over $1,000 the case. It is wines of this
exalted level that are dropping somewhat in price, thus
spreading the notion that wine prices are ‘plummeting.
However, inflation still affects the costs of what most of
us drink every day—the good California wines, Beaujo-
lais, the moderately-priced Burgundies, and the wines
of Spain, Italy, and Germany. It is rather comparable
to saying that the cost of an Italian sports car has
dropped but the price that one pays for a Chevrolet or
Volkswagen has gone up based on higher material and
labor costs.

This catalogue reflects this trend. You will note reduc-
tions in the great classified growths of Bordeaux and
even in those wines that have been overpriced up to
now because the supply could not meet the world
demand—this category would include Pouilly-Fuissé,
Chateauneuf-du-Pape, Médoc, and St. Emilion. You will

 

 

 

pao

JEHMANN, INO.+4s
eWINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS A=
© 679 Madison Ave. At 61 St., New York, N. Y. 10021 - TEmpleton 8-7500 AS ‘

 

also note that modest prices still prevail for the best
of the Beaujolais, excellent Burgundies, Rhone Valley
Reds, Alsatians and Loire Valley Whites. You will also
discover low cost values from Germany, Italy, Cali-
fornia and among the good red and white country
wines of Frahce.

Though the wine list here probably represents the
largest collection of any wine shop in the world, we
are not neglectful of excellent spirits, whether they be
Scotch, Gin, Bourbon, or Vodka. They are all present
here—and on sale.

But perhaps best of all you will be pleased with our
knowledgeable, friendly, and dedicated staff, eager to
help and serve you—whether it be during a friendly
visit to our shop or by telephone. Some of you may
prefer leisurely armchair shopping at home—if so,
simply fill out the enclosed order form.

Aci

 
 

‘ INFORMATION

WITHIN U.P.S. ZONE: No charge for delivery within vast U.P.S.
zone on orders of $25 or more. This includes the Five Bor-
oughs, Long Island, Westchester, Rockland, Putnam and
Orange Counties. Below $25, please add $1.50 for delivery
charge.

BEYOND U.P.S. ZONE, but within New York State: (Most loca-
tions in the State are accessible to our public carriers but
we suggest you check with us if in doubt). No charge for
delivery up to the Canadian border on orders of $200 or more.
Below $200, kindly add $12.50 for each shipment.

ieee

   
 

7/74
