Wine Last

Proudly Presented
by

SHERRY- LEHMANN, INC.

With Comment by Mr. James Beard,

one of America’s great food and wine authorities

All of the art work in the pages of this brochure were executed by
Pablo Picasso between the ages of 78 and 91, when he had reached
the full height of his maturity and development. Some artists de-
velop their skills and power early: Rimbaud, Radiguet, Schubert,
and so many others whose talents sparked briefly, although bril-
liantly enough to leave their indelible mark on a page of the history
of man. In the same way some wines, Beaujolais, for example, ma-
ture quickly and offer their delightful qualities to us for but an all
too brief period. They are marvelous, but short-lived.

But like Picasso, like Casals, many of the great wines which we
offer in these pages, such as Haut Brion, Petrus, fine 19th Century
madeiras, grow and grow with time, and with maturity reach new
pinnacles of greatness and complexity. For wine, like men and
women, is born of uncertainty and risk, surrounded by care and
high hopes. It is raw and boisterous in youth, at its best in maturity,
and, as with people, each wine has its own time of maturity, de-
clines gently into thin old age, leaving only a trace of its greatness,

and eventually dies—though its life-span is, in some cases, longer
than man’s and its maturity more protracted.

Alas, many wines are consumed before their time, and before they
have had an opportunity to reach maturity. We have seen glorious
bottles of Chateau Haut Brion and Lafite Rothschild 1966 con-
sumed before their time, in places where people should know
better. These wines are a delight today, unquestionably, but they
are rather like Einstein at the age of 24 instead of 40. Both are
brilliant, but there still is a difference. Not enough great wines are
allowed to achieve full maturity and almost never allowed to attain
those golden years that most of us can look forward to, when the
ego moves upwards to reason and away from brute emotion; when
wisdom is superimposed on knowledge. For maturity is the essence
of greatness.

Mr. James Beard comments: ‘“‘Even wine lists can achieve
maturity and wisdom with the passage of time. The list which
follows is the fruit of years of dedication and the pursuit of ex-
cellence on the part of America’s leading wine store, Sherry-
Lehmann, and the Aarons who, for the past 40 years, have so
dilligently conducted this enterprise. This wine list astonishes
me by its range, depth and discrimination—after spending
almost a half-century traveling the world and collecting wine-
lists from everywhere, | cannot produce a single example from
my library collection that can match it—and | am comparing it
with the leading cellar lists of Paris, London, Bordeaux, Dijon,
Frankfort and Lyon.

Whether the standard be day-in and day-out jug wine, wines
for laying down, realistic prices, discriminating selection, rari-
ties from previous decades—whatever the standards, all are
met nobly with sensitivity and wisdom, and beyond compare.
This compilation is destined to bring much wine lore, joyous
tasting and intriguing gustatory challenge to the wine lovers
of America.”

2

 
