PRANK GESLI'S ILLUSTRATED NEWSPAPER. —

ESUANT OF THE GEST CvANTAGS™ raurty

On January 28, 1860, Frank Leslie’s Illustrated
Newspaper reports on the exploits of Charles
Heidsieck, the only descendant then of the great

Champagne family.

In the tradition of “Once upon a time,”
we relate the fascinating legend of the
‘THREE HEIDSIECKS., It all started
with Florenz-Louis Heidsieck, the son of
a Lutheran pastor, who decided to go to
Reims in 1785 to seek his fortune as a
Champagne producer. It was a sad day
for him when he learned that his only
child and heir had died, so he called his
‘nephews three’ to carry on his noble wine
making tradition.

Time brings many changes, so that in 1834,
each of his three ambitious nephews de-
cided to go his separate way and seek his
own fortune. The first founded ‘Heidsieck
Monopole’; the second met Henri Piper,
joined with him, and ‘Piper-Heidsieck’
was born; the third, Charles-Camille
Heidsieck, waited a while, but ultimately

‘CHARLES HEIDSIECK’ was born.

But we must remember that it was over a
century ago and many things can happen.
Since then, no members of the Heidsieck
family are any longer associated with
Piper-Heidsieck and Heidsieck Monopole,
although the Champagne these two fine
companies produce is truly excellent. The
house of Charles Heidsieck never lost its
family identity. Even today, the firm is
completely controlled by three cousins—
great grandsons of the founder—each of
them bears the same first name — you
guessed it—‘Charles.’ The way the family
differentiates them was by giving them
each a different middle name. The repeti-

tion of the same first name for all three is
not altogether unwise since they have di-
vided the globe into three vast Champagne
territories. Each cousin, when visiting his
sales area can say honestly, “I am Charles
Heidsieck.” The United States fares es-
pecially well because the handsomest of
the three — Charles-Henri Heidsieck —
who also happens to be the President — is
assigned this coveted territory. Many of
our clientele have met him, appreciate
his wine knowledge, and are delighted

His present descendant, Charles Heidsieck
(left) with our associate, Sam Aaron,
sampling his wine—as reported in the Paris

Herald Tribune.
52

with his commitment to the best sparkling
wine that Champagne can possibly pro-
duce.

History-minded by nature, we have
browsed through the family archives. We
discovered that it was an early Charles
Heidsieck, who, in 1811, at the age of 21,
pioneered his way to Moscow and firmly
established his Champagne as the favorite
at the Russian Court. Next, it was Charles-
Camille Heidsieck who ventured forth to
America in 1857 to shoot buffalo, bear and
make certain that Champagne corks, as
well as his guns, would ‘pop.’ Ameriean
newspapers carried long reports of his
exploits. He quickly became known as
‘Champagne Charlie’ — a name that fol-
lowed him back to Europe and inspired
the London Music Hall song “Champagne
Charlie” (the words are available free on
request). The tradition of excellence has
never waivered. Last month, in the No-
vember 4th issue of Le Monde, one of
France’s great newspapers, the following
appeared, “Some wine gourmets were
called upon to judge the vintage Cham-
pagnes of a number of the Grandes Mar-
ques — a blind tasting of 13 Champagnes.
The one that scored the highest award
was Charles Heidsieck Vintage.”

CHAMPAGNE
Charles Heidsieck

Austin. Nichols & Go. Inc

The Distinguished
Champagnes of
CHARLES HEIDSIECK

Bottle Case
Brut English Market..10.99 118.70

26 Brut English Market
; 13.49 145.70
52 Brut Rose 1966 13.49 145.70

100 Blanc de Blancs
Brut 1964 13.49 145.70
97 Cuvee Royal Brut
1962 17.95 193.85
In classic 19th Century intriguing antique
bottle.

 
