True Verbatim Transcript

Steve: Welcome back, Brad. This is the second part of our interview, and I want
to get through these as quickly as possible because I know you have somewhere to
be, so ...

Brad: Thank you. It's my pleasure.

Steve: It says on the website you worked doing graphic design for a local
branding agency before branching out and starting your own business. Was - that
a conscious choice, or ...?

Brad: Yes. Well, ac-

Steve: Sorry, uh, one sec. Can you, um ... We can hear the fan.

Charlene: [inaudible 00:27]

Steve: N-no, no, that's perfect. Thanks, Charlene. Good. So, uh, was starting
your own company intentional, or did you just sort of fall into it?

Brad: Actually, sort of both. I actually started out doing it as a favor for a
friend. I didn't reallly know what I was doing at the time, but, uh, at some
point I found out I was having some success with that, and, um, so I actually
started doing it for local businesses and restaurants, and, uh, so then it
kind of took off from there, and then I figured, well, if I'm going to be
taking on all these new clients I mi-might as well get a website, you know,
going, and make something out of this, you know?

Steve: Sure. Sure. So what kind of challenges did you experience when you were
starting out, that you weren't expecting?

Brad: Hmm, challenges I wasn't expecting. Uh ...

Steve: [laughs] I keep putting you on the spot. I don't think I put that one in
the questions either. We're e're just ad-libbing here.

Brad: N-no, it's fine. So, um, challenges ...

Steve: Yeah. It could be, like,
funding, or anything. So I forgot to ask you earlier, did you  bootstrap?

Brad: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I had, like, literally, like, $200 in the bank when I
started out. And uh, two cents US? [laughs] Nah, just kidding. Pretty sad
though.

Steve: Oh, really? Was that-

Brad: Yeah. Well, and an AdWords credit, maybe
$50 or $100 or something like that, but I had  no idea what I was doing at the
time.

Steve: Right. So where did you get ... I guess, how did you get the
word out about your business  and what you were doing?

Brad: Uh ... phew. Well, besides the referrals I was getting, I actually
enlisted my first few clients by this post on Facebook and asking my friend, um
... My one friend, he's got, like, 8,000 Facebook friends and I have, like, two,
and one of them's my mom.

Steve: [laughing]

Brad: No, serious, Steve. So, I actually asked this buddy to help me out and put
this, like, thing [coughs] and he has a lot of friends who do that kind of
thing, and so I actually got a few leads out of the deal that I still do work
for sometimes, and one of them is actually my biggest client, so yeah.

Steve: Nice. Nice.

Brad: Yeah. Th-then the other thing I did, actually, was sort of local outreach,
uh, with local magazines and newspapers and whatnot, and I got a couple of
mentions that way that led to my first "real" clients. You know, like ...
[clears throat] Not that they weren't real before, but sometimes when they're
your friends it kind of feels like they're doing a favor, you know? And yeah,
and I did actually have some luck also with networking and meetup groups and
stuff like that you know, local but, uh, I'm actually a bit of an introvert, so
it took me a while to get around to it. [laughs]


Steve: No way. I don't believe it. Do you have a Twitter?

Brad: Yeah, I have a Twitter. [laughs] "A Twitter." But, uh, I don't think I've
ever posted a tweet. I can't even remember my password. I'm too old for that
stuff, Steve. I'm pushing 50 next month.

Steve: [laughs]

Brad: Well, Steve, you know what they say. Nothing beats good old-fashioned PR
for a local business. I don't know who "they" are. Please feel free to print,
publish, and use this document for personal or instructional purposes with
credit given to www.OpalTranscriptionServices.com.
